---
layout: post
title: "Chassis Blog"
data: 2018-05-25
---

<b>Chassis</b>

<b>Short Update </b>
Our Chassis team lead by Drake Baldwin is currently working on fabricating the space frame structure that they designed the previous quarter. This involves setting up a jig to arrange the laser cut tubing which keeps all the parts steady so that we can weld them together. The chassis is critical to construct properly as it is the center structure on which all other parts of the car will connect to, meaning any error will be exasperated as other teams add their components onto the car. By the end of the quarter the Chassis team plans to have a fully welded self-supporting chassis ready for final assembly the following quarter.

<b>Bi-Weekly Updates</b>

<i>Weeks 2-3</i>:
Our Chassis team started off the quarter creating goals of creating the welding jig and then welding the full assembly and fabrication of the chassis. They went ahead and organized the tubing (to know what welds onto what). They practiced welding and started the fabrication of the welding jig (what holds the tubes in place to weld in a plane). Their construction plan: 2-3 planes – bottom, top, top/bottom support for sides.

<i>Weeks 4-5</i>: 
This was a slow week by just going out and purchasing all the material for the welding jig and just did some more practice welding. They finished 60% of the welding jig, which is primarily make of plywood and screws. They also began making welding documents for future members and as future reference.

<i>Weeks 6-7</i>: 
Finished up the welding jig for the bottom chassis and welding has officially begun! Finished welding the entire bottom chassis portion. Plans are to now angle grind the fat welds and to weld the top chassis section.

<i>Weeks 8-9</i>: 
The team has welded the entire top section of the chassis and tacked the top and bottom portions into a full chassis, however it has not been fully welded yet. First they need to get the belly pan and figure out the roll cage.
